Clarify output destination settings in docs (#3176)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/output.md

> The reason there are several options for this is partly legacy and partly because VS Code restricts the placement of
> different views in different ways. We hope you will find a combination of output destinations that suits you.
> 
> ### `calva.outputDestinations` setting shape
> 
> The `calva.outputDestinations` setting is an object with three keys:
> 
> | Setting key | What it controls |
> | ---------- | ---------------- |
> | `evalResults` | Clojure data returned from an evaluation |
> | `evalOutput` | `stdout` and `stderr` produced by an evaluation |
> | `otherOutput` | Other REPL output, such as Calva messages and redirected server output |
> 
> Each key accepts one of the same four values: `"terminal"`, `"repl-window"`, `"output-view"`, or `"output-channel"`.
> 
> For example, this keeps evaluation results and evaluation output in the Output View while leaving other messages in the terminal:
> 
> ```json
> "calva.outputDestinations": {
>   "evalResults": "output-view",
>   "evalOutput": "output-view",
>   "otherOutput": "terminal"
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Output Destinations

Calva categorizes output into three types.

| Category |   |
| ---------- | --- |
| `evalResults` | Clojure data returned from an evaluation |
| `evalOutput` | `stdout` and `stderr` produced by an evaluation |
| `otherOutput` | Other REPL output, such as Calva messages and redirected server output |

Each category can be relayed to one of four **Output Destinations**:

| Destination |     |
| ------------| --- |
| `"terminal"` | The _Calva Output_ (pseudo) Terminal. This is the default destination. |
| `"output-view"` | The [output view](output-view.md) (a read-only view that is much more performant than the REPL  |Window).
| `"repl-window"` | The [REPL Window](repl-window.md) (an editor-based read/write output view). |
| `"output-channel"` | The _Calva Says_ Output Channel. |

The `calva.outputDestinations` setting is an object which maps from a given output category to an output destinations.

The default configuration is to relay all categories to the Calva output terminal:

```json
"calva.outputDestinations": {
  "evalResults": "terminal",
  "evalOutput": "terminal",
  "otherOutput": "terminal"
}
```

```
